That's it folks you already knew but the
choice of you that the motto of the week
was by far the goose did 56 then this
video make dogan boxing 66
good clubs have just arrived as
have you seen a video you already have on
channel
I made a point of not opening any
I literally caught a random one here
choose the best among them are
Opening here we have the box of
the sole purpose of which is to leave
the most expensive cube
we have this base in the
hold the public and make it more expensive
we have these stickers here that not
are fluorescent you will not need
which aims to leave the car
more expensive and the key she already has
purpose of adjusting the hub and
instructions here for anyone who
In this month
learn to solve well here 's what
it matters that it is the cube itself
Good how can you see the cube does not come
for example flourishing I think it is
an option to order the stickers
but I did not ask for this goose
made 46 in doubt directly outside the
he's better than mine when he
it was new they made the club
must be different but I think the
unification said that he is better off
military unification more clearly.
soft
the pieces as you can imagine
practically will not literally have
which is to loosen the side of the body to do
to leave so I'll show you that I do not
saw I'll show in boxing but out of the
Excellent printing box to be
sincere I did not like the 66 of my
first out of the box
better is much more
You can be very fast out of the
mailbox on 45graus normally
Reverse did not have to make much effort
I really do not think you need to change the
interesting of course that making a book
complete for you showed the pieces
it showed the comparison of a new
with mine already so old but without
Maybe this is a custom or
after a time of use there because it
It's very good to see your personal future.
This is our goose boxing 35660
liked as you know with ferry one
much faster video only show the
First impressions with the same there
a few weeks how to make a book
336 of the more detailed later no
I use the best one to give an adjusted
comparison also like me
36 so you can see the
difference is a big difference
between the new and the old beauty but I
I have a little one to pay you
I was selling two of my three
against and six goals against three and six if
they arrived here
that was always the goal even prevent
3 stay with 2 sold but like I just
buying, I wish it happened here
in Brazil even I'll take two and
understand these two then whoever you want
buy who you have interested can
send an email to the address that is
down here please send an email
even facebook has the chance to win
the third never sees but it is not boring
every day it is you can see if you
Do you want some of these you can talk to?
comments beauty player here that I
I hope you our next videos